com/pastillasCreator/pill_box/actividades/Actividad.java
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.actividades.Actividad
com/example/pill_box/databinding/ActivityCalendarioBinding.java
 com.example.pill_box.databinding.ActivityCalendarioBinding
com/example/pill_box/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.pill_box.BuildConfig
com/pastillasCreator/pill_box/actividades/ActividadPastillero.java
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.actividades.ActividadPastillero
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.actividades.ActividadPastillero$1
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.actividades.ActividadPastillero$2
com/pastillasCreator/pill_box/almacenaje/Citero.java
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.almacenaje.Citero
com/example/pill_box/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.pill_box.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/pastillasCreator/pill_box/elementosCalendario/Pastilla.java
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.elementosCalendario.Pastilla
com/example/pill_box/databinding/ActivityEditarCitasBinding.java
 com.example.pill_box.databinding.ActivityEditarCitasBinding
com/pastillasCreator/pill_box/actividades/ActividadCitero.java
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.actividades.ActividadCitero
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.actividades.ActividadCitero$1
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.actividades.ActividadCitero$2
com/example/pill_box/databinding/ActivityPastilleroBinding.java
 com.example.pill_box.databinding.ActivityPastilleroBinding
com/example/pill_box/databinding/ActivityEditarPastillaBinding.java
 com.example.pill_box.databinding.ActivityEditarPastillaBinding
com/pastillasCreator/pill_box/actividades/MostradorPastillas.java
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.actividades.MostradorPastillas
com/example/pill_box/databinding/ActivityInformacionBinding.java
 com.example.pill_box.databinding.ActivityInformacionBinding
com/pastillasCreator/pill_box/actividades/ActividadMain.java
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.actividades.ActividadMain
com/pastillasCreator/pill_box/elementosCalendario/ElementoCalendario.java
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.elementosCalendario.ElementoCalendario
com/pastillasCreator/pill_box/creadorElementosCalendario/CreadorCitas.java
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.creadorElementosCalendario.CreadorCitas
com/pastillasCreator/pill_box/actividades/Informacion.java
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.actividades.Informacion
com/pastillasCreator/pill_box/actividades/ActividadCreadorCitas.java
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.actividades.ActividadCreadorCitas
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.actividades.ActividadCreadorCitas$1
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.actividades.ActividadCreadorCitas$2
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.actividades.ActividadCreadorCitas$3
com/pastillasCreator/pill_box/elementosCalendario/Cita.java
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.elementosCalendario.Cita
com/pastillasCreator/pill_box/elementosCalendario/TipoPastilla.java
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.elementosCalendario.TipoPastilla
com/example/pill_box/databinding/ActivityCitasCreatorBinding.java
 com.example.pill_box.databinding.ActivityCitasCreatorBinding
com/example/pill_box/databinding/ActivityPastillasCreatorBinding.java
 com.example.pill_box.databinding.ActivityPastillasCreatorBinding
com/example/pill_box/databinding/ActivityCiteroBinding.java
 com.example.pill_box.databinding.ActivityCiteroBinding
com/example/pill_box/databinding/ActivityMostradorPastillasBinding.java
 com.example.pill_box.databinding.ActivityMostradorPastillasBinding
com/pastillasCreator/pill_box/almacenaje/Pastillero.java
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.almacenaje.Pastillero
com/pastillasCreator/pill_box/creadorElementosCalendario/PastillasCreador.java
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.creadorElementosCalendario.PastillasCreador
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.creadorElementosCalendario.PastillasCreador$1
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.creadorElementosCalendario.PastillasCreador$2
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.creadorElementosCalendario.PastillasCreador$2$1
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.creadorElementosCalendario.PastillasCreador$2$2
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.creadorElementosCalendario.PastillasCreador$2$3
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.creadorElementosCalendario.PastillasCreador$2$4
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.creadorElementosCalendario.PastillasCreador$3
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.creadorElementosCalendario.PastillasCreador$4
com/pastillasCreator/pill_box/actividades/EditarPastilla.java
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.actividades.EditarPastilla
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.actividades.EditarPastilla$1
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.actividades.EditarPastilla$1$1
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.actividades.EditarPastilla$2
com/pastillasCreator/pill_box/actividades/ActividadCalendario.java
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.actividades.ActividadCalendario
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.actividades.ActividadCalendario$1
com/pastillasCreator/pill_box/herramientas/FunctionsWhenClick.java
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.herramientas.FunctionsWhenClick
com/example/pill_box/databinding/ActivityAyudaBinding.java
 com.example.pill_box.databinding.ActivityAyudaBinding
com/pastillasCreator/pill_box/actividades/EditarCitas.java
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.actividades.EditarCitas
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.actividades.EditarCitas$1
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.actividades.EditarCitas$2
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.actividades.EditarCitas$3
com/pastillasCreator/pill_box/creadorElementosCalendario/CreadorElementosCalendario.java
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.creadorElementosCalendario.CreadorElementosCalendario
com/pastillasCreator/pill_box/herramientas/ManipuladorFechas.java
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.herramientas.ManipuladorFechas
com/pastillasCreator/pill_box/actividades/Ayuda.java
 com.pastillasCreator.pill_box.actividades.Ayuda
